# CS360

This app was my first dive into mobile app development. I used Android Studio and the base language is java. The user requirements were an inventory system. The specifics were that there needed to be a login screen, the ability to opt in and out of low inventory notifications, and add delete items as well as edit item amounts. The login screen is a typical screen, then there is a main screen that I felt was useful to have. It shows all of the items with an inventory of 0 so the user knows right away what action items they have to address without having to self filter the table, and last was the inventory table where you can edit and add and delete items per need. I personally like to have a discussion with the users about what they want in detail in person and then afterwards I send an email with my understanding of the guidelines to the user as a follow up to make sure I have all the requirements and I understood what they wanted. I did enjoy making the layout before starting development because it allows me to have an idea of the flow of the app and how to start the coding process. I still struggle with the color and making things look good with that stuff but I liked making the layouts and tables look good. I develop my first page, make sure it has everything it needs, clean it up and then move on to the next page. Then I test mobility between pages and then at the end I double check everything. This shows any deficiencies I have in integration since this is not 3 separate pages but one cohesive unit of an app. The difference with app development is limited space, you want everything to be on the screen with minimal scrolling if possible so working around that was a real challenge. I liked my inventory table screen with the inclusion of the editable field that changes the value in the table along with the delete button per row so you can be very specific about which one you were deleting.  
